I was originally told to go into graphic design by my grade 11 teacher for art.
Instead of going into an art profession I went into Architectural Technician right out of high school
and that kinda taught me how to learn a few creative programs, which was nice,
but it also taught me how much I want to stay away from anything architecturally related, mathematical, or engineering.
So, that really reinforced how much I love the artistic part of it and the design aspects of it.
So I went straight away and enrolled in graphic design at Algonquin and I'll be graduating soon. That's pretty cool.
My favourite class in graphic design would have to be motion graphics.
Making everything move and dance on the screen, it's just super cool watching everything come to life.
I have a kind of feel about how the motion should be so its a little- a lot enjoyable to me.
To just dive right in and figure out how to animate something.
My favourite colour is RGB 0, 255, 255. CMYK 100, 0, 0, 0. Pure cyan.
Its a powerful colour, energetic to say the least. It also has a little sentimental value
because its the one that I always picked with my friends when we played Age of Empires. Always pick cyan, it's the best colour.
A hobby that I have that isn't graphic design but I guess it is tangentially related
is painting Warhammer models. Putting them together, painting them up, it's a nice experience.
I get to put them on my desk and they look really nice, umm, I'm looking at one now.
It's just a fun little melt the world away type of thing, you know?
There's that, there's 3d printing and laser etching, kinda dabble in that stuff as well. Lots of cool stuff.